Year of Laughter?
Why are you here?
What about Shou Wei Yuan?
Why are you looking for Weiyuan?
I haven’t gone to the Vice-President yet?
How could Shou Weiyuan have such thoughts about his couple?
This Vice-President Cheng is going to marry you.
What kind of result can it be?
That’s it
If Weiyuan hadn't been ill all the time
Now that he is the deputy, you are the one he calls you?
Your color is cheap here but you still haven’t got the hobby?
In this case, let Shouwei Yuan Tang pursue those who are responsible for the courtyard.
Don't sell it again
I will sell Xiaoxia to you again
You like Shengsheng, right?
what do you mean
If you win, he will follow you without losing any points.
Bai Qiu and his father found out again
Will this father's family still want him as their daughter-in-law?
I am willing to accept my father’s wife
You are familiar with Shengsheng
Can't he control Singer?
Maybe
When the time comes, Lian's father will be a member of the group
But don't worry about ours
This is educating me
Make sure he is obedient
This kind of restaurant
Classes are all for couples
Do you understand very well?
Should you go out to eat with your husband more often?
My opponent will bring others over to have some alone time.
Since I brought him here once or twice,
If only he could see where this year would lead